1. Steps to create VPC and subnets


1. Select project in which you want to create vpc and subnet
2. From the navigation menu
Inside networking - VPC network - click on the VPc networks
3. Click on the create vpc network
Fill in the details like name ,  description.
4. For the subnets you have two option
Either create automatically or create manually
5. For automatic-  inside subnet creation mode  select automatic (it will list down all the subnet in all regions)
Also select firewall rules whichever you need
6. Fro custom-  inside subnet creation mode  select custom 
Give the name of subnet
Select region
Give ip address range
Click on done
7. In dynamic routing mode
Select regional or global
8. Dns server policy 
        Select policy which is already created or create new one
9. Click on Create.
10. Your vpc and subnets will be created.


2. Steps to create a service account and add IAM roles which grants access to GCE and GCS only
1.     Open the Service Accounts page in the Cloud Console.
2.     Click Select a project, choose your project, and click open
3.     Click Create Service Account.
4.     Enter a service account name (friendly display name), an optional description, select a role you wish to grant to the service account, and then click Save
5.     Open the IAM and Admin page in the Cloud console.
6.     Click select project, choose a project, and click Open.
7.     In the left nav, click Service accounts.
8.     Select a service account that we have created, then click Show info panel. All users who can access that service account are displayed.
9.     Click Add member.
10. Add the email address of a project member.
Select a role for the member to define what actions(roles/
compute.admin ,roles/storage.admin
11. ) that member can take against the service account.
12. Click Add to apply the role to the project member.






3. Steps to create bucket and transfer files from local to GCS using gsutil


4. Steps to create GCE VM and deploy nginx


1. From the navigation menu
Inside compute engine - vm instances
2. Click on Create  instance
Give instance name 
Select regions and zone
Select machine type
Select boot disk
In firewall check on allow http traffic and https traffic
If you want extra disk  you can add that under disks 
Click on the create and your vm would be created.
3. Enable the firewall port  80 
Write this command on cloud shell
gcloud compute firewall-rules create allow-80 --allow tcp:80
4. SSH to instance
5. To install nginx
Write this command on instance command line
Sudo su -
Apt-get update
Apt-get install -y nginx
Service nginx start
6. Now click on your external ip and if nginx is successfully installed then its page will be shown