1. Create IAM Policy which grants access to S3 bucket Only.
        {
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": ["s3:ListBucket"],
      "Resource": ["arn:aws:s3:::jags"]
    },
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": [
        "s3:PutObject",
        "s3:GetObject",
        "s3:DeleteObject"
      ],
      "Resource": ["arn:aws:s3:::jags/*"]
    }
  ]
}






2. What will be the outcome of this IAM Policy?
{
"Version": "2012-10-17",
"Statement": [{
"Action": "ec2:*",
"Resource": "*",
"Effect": "Allow"
},
{
"Action": "*",
"Resource": "*",
"Effect": "Deny"
}
]
}


It will allow access/actions to Ec2  only
And if any kind of action to  the other services is tried then it will deny the access/action






3. Steps to launch EC2 Instance-


1. From AWS Console click on the services inside compute click on the EC2
2. Click on the instances(left side) then launch instance
3. Choose AMI of your choice
4. Choose Instance Type(preferably free tier)
5. Then in Configure instance Details -
        Write no. of instances do you want
        select vpc network(default/ Created vpv)
        select subnet(default in any availability zone/ created)
        select IAM role( you have to create IAM role here my role is i am giving s3 full access)
        choose Shutdown Behaviour(stop/terminate)
        Tenancy (shared)- running instance on shared hardware which cost least
6. Click on Add Storage-
        If you want extra EBS then click on Add volume it will create new volume or else if you don't want extra one
        you can directly go to add tags but you have default storage.
7. In add Tag
        If you have multiple instances then giving key value is the best thing to differentiate between instances.
8. Configure security group
        Either you can use existing security group or can create new one
        If you are creating new then you have to specify  type(means from where your instance can be accesed)
        if selecting existing one the in drop down list you'll have all your existed security group
9. Final step is Review and Launch. Click on the Launch and your instances will be created. 
        


4. Steps for Hosting a Static Website on Amazon S3


1. Create your website (suppose its name is index.html)
2. From AWS Console click on the services-  inside storage click on the s3
3. Click on the Create bucket
4. Give bucket name (it should be globally unique) 
        Specify region in which you want to create bucket
        If you have buckets already then you can cope existing buckets setting
        Click on Next
5. If you want versioning then click on the check box
        You can give key value tags
If you want Encryption for the object that you store, click on the check box.
Click on next
6. If you want to block all the public access then click on the check box otherwise keep uncheck
for all public access. If you unclick then it will prompt a message of acknowledgement you must have to click over there. Click on Next.
7. Review All your bucket and then click on Create bucket                  
8. After creating Your bucket click on it
        Click on upload 
        Select your static website file
        Click on Next
        Inside manage public permission- Grant permission to all public access
Click on Next
Select Storage class (standard)
Next
Click on Upload
9. Clicking on file you’ll get object URL 
(copy paste that url in bar and your website will be hosted- Because you granted public access you’ll be able to see your website on local host)


         


5. Steps to create public and private subnets in VPC


1. From AWS Console click on the services-  inside Networking and Content Delivery click on the vpc
2. Inside Your vpcs(left side) select Create VPC
        Give name of vpc- jagrutivpc
        Ipv4 cidr block-  10.0.0.0/16
        Tenancy - default
        Click on create.
3. Inside subnets(left side) select Create subnet
        Name of subnet- private
        Vpc- selecting vpc which was created 
        Selecting availability zone
        Ipv4 cidr block-  10.0.1.0/24
Click on create
Similarly creating public subnet and its Ipv4 cidr block-  10.0.2.0/24
4. Inside Internet gateway(left side) select Create Internet gateway
        Give name- jagsig Click on create
Select ig and then in action 
Attach to vpc
5.  Inside Route tables(left side) select Create route tables
        Name- jagsrt
        Vpc- select your created vpc
        Click on create
6. Click on the created route table
        In Routes -  Edit routes
        Destination - 0.0.0.0/0   target- internet gateway (you have created) - public access
        Click on save routes
7. Now change your public subnet route table
        Click on Edit route table association
        Inside route table id select your created route table
        Save
8. Private subnet will not be accessed publicly while public subnet can be.